# mgmt-dev

Terraform root module for the development management account.

## Manual Action Log

Chronological list of manual actions performed in this account.

1. Created this AWS account through the AWS website. Set the email address to **devshrekops+demo-mgmt-dev@gmail.com**, the account name to **demo-mgmt-dev**, and the credit card number to **just kidding**. This account was later declared & imported into this module and then removed from this module and declared & imported into **org-dev** for ongoing management via Terraform. It's probably best not to store your AWS account's email address in a public git repo (if for no reason other than some extra security through obscurity) but this is a throwaway demo account. The account came with two IAM service-linked roles, one for Support and one for Trusted Advisor.
2. Logged into this AWS account as the root user and assigned it a virtual MFA device using Google Authenticator on my phone. I eventually replaced the virtual MFA device with two passkeys, one on my primary device and another on a secondary device as a backup. It's probably best to instead use a YubiKey that's kept in a physical safe for the root user of your management account (even a dev one) but this is a throwaway demo account.
3. As the root user in the AWS console, enabled IAM Identity Center. Selected the option to **Enable with AWS Organizations**. This resulted in creation of an Identity Center instance with Identity Center directory as the identity source, an organization with all features and Identity Center service integration enabled, and two IAM service-linked roles, one for Organizations and one for SSO (aka Identity Center). This org was later declared & imported into this module and then removed from this module and declared & imported into **org-dev** for ongoing management via Terraform. However, the Identity Store instance wasn't imported due to there not being an associated resource in the Terraform AWS provider. If you're creating an AWS org in support of a company with an existing identity provider, then it's probably best to integrate Identity Center with that identity provider, but for this demo I'll be sticking with the native identity store.
4. As the root user in the AWS console, set the Identity Center instance name to **demo-sso-dev** and standard authentication to **Send email OTP**.
5. As the root user in the AWS console, created a group named **org-admins-dev** in Identity Center. Set the description to **Grants full admin access to all accounts in the dev org**. This group was later declared & imported into this module and then removed from this module and declared & imported into **sso-dev**.
6. As the root user in the AWS console, created a permission set named **full-admin-access-dev** in Identity Center. Selected **Predefined permission set** and the **AdministratorAccess** AWS managed policy. Set description to **Grants full admin access to a dev account**. Set session duration to **12 hours**. This permission set was later declared & imported into this module and then removed from this module and declared & imported into **sso-dev**. I'll probably use a shorter session duration in the prod Identity Center instance but in dev I want to minimize how often reauthentication is required, at least during early stages of development.
7. As the root user in the AWS console, assigned the **org-admins-dev** group with the **full-admin-access-dev** permission set to the **demo-mgmt-dev** account in Identity Center. This account assignment was later declared & imported into this module and then removed from this module and declared & imported into **sso-dev**.
8. As the root user in the AWS console, created a user named **donkey** in Identity Center. Selected **Send an email to this user with password setup instructions**. Set email address to **devshrekops+donkey@gmail.com**, set first name and display name to **Donkey**, and set last name to **Unknown**. Selected **org-admins-dev** group membership. This user and its group membership were later declared & imported into this module and then removed from this module and declared & imported into **sso-dev**.
9. Accepted the email invitation for the new user, reset its password, and enabled a virtual MFA device. I eventually replaced the virtual MFA device with two passkeys, one on my primary device and another on a secondary device as a backup.
10. As the root user in the AWS console, granted IAM user and role access to billing information via the account dashboard so that I don't have to log into the root user to see billing info in this account.
11. As the **donkey** SSO user in the AWS console, navigated to the billing dashboard which (to my surprise) automatically enabled Cost Explorer and configured Cost Anomaly Detection by creating an AWS services monitor and a daily summary alert subscription which sends an alert to the root user's email address if costs exceed $100 and 40% of expected spend. I'll probably import these Cost Anomaly Detection resources into this module in a future commit.
12. As the **donkey** SSO user in the AWS console, created an IAM role named **tf-deployer-dev**. Selected **AWS account** and **This account (533266992459)** as the trusted entity. Added the **AdministratorAccess** IAM policy. See **README.md** in this repo's root directory for commentary on this role.
